## Todo
- Interrogate [[Glasstaff]]
	- How did he get started working with the [[Black Spider]], [[Redbrands]], and goblins, and why?
	- Who is the [[Black Spider]]?
	- Why do they want to find [[Wave Echo Cave]]?
	- Was he the person disguised as [[Harbin Wester]]?
- Loot the dungeon
- Find the keys or otherwise break out [[Mirna Drendar]] and her kids
- Take [[Glasstaff]] and the two captive [[Redbrands]] into town
	- Make sure he cannot perform any parts of a spell while we're escorting him. Hands thoroughly tied up, gagged if he's not being questioned, etc.
	- We could spread out while questioning him so that he can't teleport out of our range again.
	- Blindfolding him might also work, although that might require [[Piuma Stunt]] to know that Misty Step requires you to be able to see where you're teleporting
	- [[Piuma Stunt]] *recognized Misty Step* when [[Glasstaff]] cast it, so he should hopefully know its limitations, i.e. if he can't see or if he can't talk, he can't use it.
- The contents of the armory may be worth a bit, we should tell [[Linene Graywind]] about it
- Find [[Gundren Rockseeker]], find [[Kragmaw Castle]] and go there
## Open quests, side-quests, errands
- Trouble at [[Old Owl Well]]
- Find [[Iarno Albreck]] - Report to [[Sildar Hallwinter]]
	- Reward: 200gp
- Oust the [[Redbrands]] - Report to [[Halia Thornton]]
	- Reward: 160gp
- Orc menace at [[Wyvern Tor]]
	- Reward: 600gp
## Session Notes
- We begin interrogating [[Iarno Albreck]], who is indeed [[Glasstaff]].
	- He's been researching how to break the protective enchantments on the [[Forge of Spells]] in [[Wave Echo Cave]]
	- He said (apparently genuinely) that he was not the person who appeared to be [[Harbin Wester]]
	- The [[Black Spider]] is a drow who has been a growing power in the region
	- He sought out the [[Black Spider]] after hearing about him while working for the [[Lord's Alliance]]. Brokered an alliance with him to find and uncover the [[Forge of Spells]]
	- Where is the [[Black Spider]]? He and his people have begun excavation of [[Wave Echo Cave]], but he has not been told where
	- Doesn't know, and doesn't care where [[Kragmaw Castle]] is
	- What actually is this giant necromancy pit? He's only been here a couple of months, believes it is due to whatever happened to the family many years ago
- We split up to loot
	- Dick went to catalogue the weapons 
		- In the weapons cache: twelve spears, six shortswords, four longswords, six light crossbows, and eight quivers holding twenty crossbow bolts each
		- We can't carry it, but will report back to town, like to [[Linene Graywind]] or [[Halia Thornton]]
		- Also 28 more beaver pelts
	- Braelynn went to search the bodies 
		- Found the eyepatch, a key, and a rough map
	- Firby and Piuma found some stuff as well, it's in the vault
		- As well as a letter: 
			- Lord Albrek, My spies in Neverwinter tell me that strangers are due to arrive in Phandalin. They could be working for ht edwarves. Capture them if you can, kill them i fyou must, but don't allow them to upset our plans. See that any dwarves maps in their possession are delivered to me with haste. I'm counting on you Iarno. Don't disappoint me. Spider.
- We came back to town, no sign of [[Sildar Hallwinter]] at the inn. We found him knocked unconscious in the [[Townmaster's Hall]]. Woke him up and told him what had happened. 
- We left [[Iarno Albreck]] in a cell in the [[Townmaster's Hall]], chained up and gagged so he won't be able to escape.
- Went to [[Harbin Wester]]'s house.
	- Found no one at home, but signs of a scuffle in the bedroom
	- 2 letters on the desk, to someone named [[Valak]]
		- Watch out for people who may cause trouble, by taking the position of the Town Master
		- Talk about a party of orcs, that he should prevent from becoming an issue to the expedition, perhaps a chance to kill 2 birds with one stone by diverting any potentially troublesome people to deal with them
		- Make sure to pass along word if anyone else is working with the dwarves and may know the location of [[Wave Echo Cave]]
- Sildar offers us a reward of 500 gp for rescuing [[Gundren Rockseeker]]
- Received our rewards from Sildar and Halia
- [[Thundertree]] is the ruins of a town damaged by a volcanic eruption. If we go there, we could find people to help looking for [[Kragmaw Castle]], and also for [[Piuma Stunt]] to bring materials back to [[Mirna Drendar]], whose father was an alchemist, to heal his mom
- Head out to go look for [[Kragmaw Castle]]
- We found it!
