## Todo
- Interrogate [[King Grol]] and the Drow we incapacitated
- Check that door to see if [[Gundren Rockseeker]] is imprisoned inside
- Check out the [[Goblin]]s' food room
- Loot the castle!
## Open quests, side-quests, errands
- Trouble at [[Old Owl Well]]
- Orc Menace at [[Wyvern Tor]]
	- 600 gp
	- It turns out that, while this threat is real, the reward may not be. [[Vhalak]] was told to divert potentially nosy adventurers here to get them out of the way, and to potentially nip in the bud a possible problem for the [[Black Spider]]'s excavation of [[Wave Echo Cave]]
- Rescue [[Gundren Rockseeker]]
	- 500 gp
	- I think this reward will come from [[Sildar Hallwinter]]?
## Session Notes
- Tied up Grol and the drow
- Found [[Gundren Rockseeker]] in Grol's room, revived him
	- He was kidnapped because the [[Black Spider]] wanted to know who else knew the location, but wanted to see who else did and keep it from getting out
	- The drow woman showed up just a few hours before we did, on behalf of the [[Black Spider]] to take [[Gundren Rockseeker]] back to him, but Grol didn't want to give him back
- Woke up Grol and the drow
	- The spider promised him resources, gold and assistance in establishing and building up his tribe
	- We accidentally released an Owl Bear from the southern tower, thinking we'd have a fun gladiatorial death for Grol.
		- Actually no, it nearly killed Dick on its way out. 
		- But we found a chest in there!
- [[Gundren Rockseeker]] said that a raiding band could be back any time, so we got out of the castle.  We used the golden divination statuette to essentially have [[Gundren Rockseeker]] cast Augury, guiding us to camp in the woods rather than travel by night. So we camped out. Level 4!